Adding documentation related to raven 5 persistence for Audit (#5887)
Particular/docs.particular.net: servicecontrol/persistence.md

---
title: ServiceControl persistence
summary: Information about ServiceControl persistence.
reviewed: 2022-10-17
---

ServiceControl error instances store their data in a RavenDB embedded database. All instances use RavenDB version 3.5.

> WARNING: The ServiceControl Audit RavenDB embedded instance is used exclusively by ServiceControl and is not intended for external manipulation or modifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: The ServiceControl RavenDB embedded database is used exclusively by ServiceControl and is not intended for external manipulation or modifications.
```
